haskell/hamming/README.md, before:

# Hamming

Calculate the Hamming difference between two DNA strands.

A mutation is simply a mistake that occurs during the creation or
copying of a nucleic acid, in particular DNA. Because nucleic acids are
vital to cellular functions, mutations tend to cause a ripple effect
throughout the cell. Although mutations are technically mistakes, a very
rare mutation may equip the cell with a beneficial attribute. In fact,
the macro effects of evolution are attributable by the accumulated
result of beneficial microscopic mutations over many generations.

The simplest and most common type of nucleic acid mutation is a point
mutation, which replaces one base with another at a single nucleotide.

By counting the number of differences between two homologous DNA strands
taken from different genomes with a common ancestor, we get a measure of
the minimum number of point mutations that could have occurred on the
evolutionary path between the two strands.

This is called the 'Hamming distance'.

It is found by comparing two DNA strands and counting how many of the
nucleotides are different from their equivalent in the other string.

    GAGCCTACTAACGGGAT
    CATCGTAATGACGGCCT
    ^ ^ ^  ^ ^    ^^

The Hamming distance between these two DNA strands is 7.

# Implementation notes

The Hamming distance is only defined for sequences of equal length. This means
that based on the definition, each language could deal with getting sequences
of equal length differently.


## Getting Started

For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/haskell).

## Running the tests

To run the test suite, execute the following command:

```bash
stack test
```

#### If you get an error message like this...

```
No .cabal file found in directory
```

You are probably running an old stack version and need
to upgrade it.

#### Otherwise, if you get an error message like this...

```
No compiler found, expected minor version match with...
Try running "stack setup" to install the correct GHC...
```

Just do as it says and it will download and install
the correct compiler version:

```bash
stack setup
```

## Running *GHCi*

If you want to play with your solution in GHCi, just run the command:

```bash
stack ghci
```

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests

The [exercism/haskell](https://github.com/exercism/haskell) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Haskell exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!

## Source

The Calculating Point Mutations problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/](http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Changes pangram from nub to uniq

haskell/hamming/README.md, after:

# Hamming

Calculate the Hamming Distance between two DNA strands.

Your body is made up of cells that contain DNA. Those cells regularly wear out and need replacing, which they achieve by dividing into daughter cells. In fact, the average human body experiences about 10 quadrillion cell divisions in a lifetime!

When cells divide, their DNA replicates too. Sometimes during this process mistakes happen and single pieces of DNA get encoded with the incorrect information. If we compare two strands of DNA and count the differences between them we can see how many mistakes occurred. This is known as the "Hamming Distance".

We read DNA using the letters C,A,G and T. Two strands might look like this:

    GAGCCTACTAACGGGAT
    CATCGTAATGACGGCCT
    ^ ^ ^  ^ ^    ^^

They have 7 differences, and therefore the Hamming Distance is 7.

The Hamming Distance is useful for lots of things in science, not just biology, so it's a nice phrase to be familiar with :)

# Implementation notes

The Hamming distance is only defined for sequences of equal length, so
an attempt to calculate it between sequences of different lengths should
not work. The general handling of this situation (e.g., raising an
exception vs returning a special value) may differ between languages.


## Getting Started

For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/haskell).

## Running the tests

To run the test suite, execute the following command:

```bash
stack test
```

#### If you get an error message like this...

```
No .cabal file found in directory
```

You are probably running an old stack version and need
to upgrade it.

#### Otherwise, if you get an error message like this...

```
No compiler found, expected minor version match with...
Try running "stack setup" to install the correct GHC...
```

Just do as it says and it will download and install
the correct compiler version:

```bash
stack setup
```

## Running *GHCi*

If you want to play with your solution in GHCi, just run the command:

```bash
stack ghci
```

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests

The [exercism/haskell](https://github.com/exercism/haskell) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Haskell exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!

## Source

The Calculating Point Mutations problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/](http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
